Release 2021.11.0 (#2716)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/style-the-widget/style-okta-hosted/index.md

See <GuideLink link="../customization-examples/#per-application-customization">Per-application customization</GuideLink> for an example of what you can do with request context.

> > **Note:** The following macros are only available when you enable the THEME_BUILDER feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The following macros are only available when the Theme Builder feature is enabled in your org.
```
